Court death
This marriage
Tianzong lost face because of you
What face do you have?
You mean if I hadn't embarrassed Tianzong
Then elders
Will support me as the to-be suzerain
Of course.
But unfortunately you don't have the ability
Hahahaha
Could it be that you want to tell us?
The little ant during this practice period
You actually killed a piece of sky in the mysterious yin
The words of the great elder can be counted
Of course it counts
If you pass the test
The sect master of Tianzong Xinyu is your good
Then let Elder Wu tell you the truth
Yeah, OK.
Hahaha
Lin Yang climbed to the top of the ladder in Xuanying Zong Wen's family
Suppress the Eagle Warriors
Defeated the Holy Son of Xuanying Sect
He was summoned by the Holy One
His Holiness calls Lin Yang Young Master Lin
Hahaha climb the ladder
Bai Yuntian Elder Wu
How much did this kid benefit you?
You launch like this
And how dare he talk nonsense here, you fart
You just fart
Vowel Sect has been the sect master in all dynasties to climb the ladder
How could he, a waste who practices Qiqi, do it?
Not bad, that Yuntian is the seventh cultivation base of Jindan
How could an ant practicing Qiqi do it?
I'm not lying.
If you don't believe it, it's enough.
This boy is speechless
hubris
The old man can understand
I didn't expect you to cooperate with him to lie
I'm telling the truth.
Absolutely.
Then this marriage
Why don't you see the saint?
Well, he's just an ordinary woman
I don't like hum
Dare to insult the saint
The Virgin is the most beautiful woman in the world
You, a low-level man, are really shameless
The big cockroach has lost my Tianzong face
Also ask the big cockroach to drive him out of Tianzong
Ah!
It's not good to be at war
Choose the English Erhu method
Personally bring a large number of disciples to select the British sect
Come to my Tianzong
Pardon me?